Pamela's warriors dying cancer here and
I am bringing this video to today
because I have a great arsenal of home
care products that I use for beauty and
for natural home cares for things like
my tea my armpits and my face and all of
these things to completely keep
chemicals out of the equation so how do
we be clean from the inside out and then
also on our skin without adding more
insult to injury with chemicals and
things like lumina and deodorants that
add that are paraben and estrogenic - to
your breasts and cause breast cancer and
man boobs and men and things like that
so they've been finding that women have
all kinds of parabens and crazy
chemicals in their breasts like aluminum
when they take the cancer cells out of
their breasts masks and so this is what
I definitely want to avoid for you guys
and this video isn't just for women
because men you can get cancer anywhere
in the body as well
so today I'm gonna start because this
was a big big demand when I posted on
Facebook I wanted to see if you guys
knew what I was using these things for
and it sounds like you don't so I wanted
to share with you okay first and
foremost I don't do this every single
morning but the best and cheapest facial
that you can do probably on this planet
and healthiest for you for sanitary
purposes and to clear blackheads and to
reduce the amount of oil in your face to
clean it out all of the large glands but
I have a lot of pores so and they're
pretty big so instead of putting all
kinds of chemicals and pharmaceuticals
on my face I would rather just clean
them out holistically and I also don't
need to go to the doctor all the time
back facials done because I could do
this at home and it's super simple and
it takes just about 15 minutes then 15
minutes is a drying time it takes about
probably a minute to prepare these - and
all your news and I just put them into a
little tiny cup like this I bought them
at the health food store
these are BPA free containers you can
store the amount
don't use your sleeve in there and just
a little bit more apples and we're gonna
go the next time but all you do is take
some bentonite clay and this is the best
one of them all Aztec secret and then
any kind of apple cider vinegar
preferably unfiltered and organic this
was from Trader Joe's but you just take
equal parts and then stir it together
and apply it on your face or anywhere
you already have acne or blackheads or
problematic skin and you just leave it
and let it sit and dry for about 15
minutes
so if you have some time a morning
during the week is great or even on the
weekends when you can treat yourself so
this is one of them and I love this
stuff that's the green base if you have
seen me posting on Facebook before so
that's recipe number one and this is
food for your skin